Add a note about exception (#23804)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/server-side/django/admin_site/index.md

You can edit a book by selecting its name in the link. The edit page for a book, shown below, is almost identical to the "Add" page. The main differences are the page title (_Change book_) and the addition of **Delete**, **HISTORY** and **VIEW ON SITE** buttons (this last button appears because we defined the `get_absolute_url()` method in our model).

> > **Note:** Clicking the **VIEW ON SITE** button raises a `NoReverseMatch` exception because we haven't created a URL or view for it yet. We'll get it working in [Django Tutorial Part 6: Generic list and detail views](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Django/Generic_views).

Reviewer: This is slightly more precise - the error is because the reverse match fails (no url mapper with that name). I've provided the name of the url map so that it is easier to find if someone wants to search).

```suggestion
> **Note:** Clicking the **VIEW ON SITE** button raises a `NoReverseMatch` exception because the `get_absolute_url()` method attempts to `reverse()` a named URL mapping ('book-detail') that has not yet been defined.
> We'll define a URL mapping and associated view in [Django Tutorial Part 6: Generic list and detail views](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Django/Generic_views).
```

> > **Note:** Clicking the **VIEW ON SITE** button raises a `NoReverseMatch` exception because we haven't created a url or view for it yet.  We'll get it working in [Django Tutorial Part 6: Generic list and detail views](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Django/Generic_views).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Clicking the **VIEW ON SITE** button raises a `NoReverseMatch` exception because we haven't created a URL or view for it yet. We'll get it working in [Django Tutorial Part 6: Generic list and detail views](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Django/Generic_views).
```
